Cross references to assignment of subscripted array variable (#2737)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/arrays.tex

\subsection{Equality and Assignment}\label{equality-and-assignment}

Equality \lstinline!a = b! and assignment \lstinline!a := b! of scalars, vectors, matrices, and arrays is defined element-wise and require both objects to have the same number of dimensions and corresponding dimension sizes.

> See \cref{array-indexing} regarding assignments to array variables with repeated subscripts.

Reviewer: I would write "vector of subscripts" instead of "repeated subscripts"; as the main point is about clearly defining `a[{i,j,k}]:={1,2,3}` as `a[i]:=1;a[j]:=2;a[k]:=3;` and the result for repeated subscripts just follow.

Author: Making myself a suggestion:
```suggestion
See \cref{array-indexing} regarding assignments to array variables with vector of subscripts.
```
